[Bug] Fix `qml.simplify` output shape differences (#3017)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

> * `jax.jit` now works with QNode when the quantum function was transformed by `qml.simplify`.

Author: ```suggestion
* Jax gradients now work with a QNode when the quantum function was transformed by `qml.simplify`.
```
